Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcs520-week-3-assignment
<br>
General Rules for Homework Assignments • You are strongly encouraged to add comments throughout the program. Doing so will help your facilitator to understand your programming logic and grade you more accurately. • You must work on your assignments individually. You are not allowed to copy the answers from the others. However, you are encouraged to discuss the approaches to the homework assignments with your section mates and the facilitator in your section via the discussion board. • Each assignment has a strict deadline. However, you are still allowed to submit your assignment within 2 days after the deadline with a penalty. 15% of the credit will be deducted unless you made previous arrangements with your facilitator and professor. Assignments submitted 2 days after the deadline will not be graded. • When the term lastName is referenced in an assignment, please replace it with your last name. You are strongly encouraged to add comments into your program! Create a new Java Project in Eclipse named HW3_lastName and complete the following two parts.

Part 1 (40 Points) – StringsCreate a package named cs520.hw3.part1. Using this package, create the class StringTest and implement the specified functionality in its main method. a. Ask the user, through a single input dialog, for the course id, course name, and tuition in the format CourseId,CourseName,Tuition b. Trim the user’s input, in case spaces were entered at the beginning or at the end. c. Display the trimmed data to the console. Do the following operations using this trimmed string. d. Find the index of the first comma in the input using the indexOf method. Using this value, extract the course id part of the input using the substring method. e. Display the position of the first comma, the course id, and the length of the course id to the console. f. Find the index of the second comma in the input using the indexOf method. Using this value, extract the course name part of the input using the substring method. g. Display the position of the second comma, the course name, and the length of the course name to the console. h. Extract the tuition using the substring method. Convert the value to an integer. Display to the console the tuition and the tuition at 25% discount (as integers). i. Now, examine the code for all possible exceptions that could occur. Handle all the different exceptions explicitly and print out the appropriate exception message to the user.Also, test the following inputs where exceptions will occur and your program handles them gracefully — when Cancel is clicked, when only the course id is entered, when only the course id and the course name are entered, and when all the three values are specified but the tuition is not an integer

Part 2 (60 Points) – StringTokenizer and File InputCreate a package named cs520.hw3.part2. Using this package, create the following classes. 1.Create a class named Student as follows. The class keeps track of the student’s homework grades. a.The instance (or member) private variables – name (String), homework1, homework2, homework3, homework4, homework5 and homework6 (all of type integer). b.A single constructor with name as its argument. c. The public set methods for the six homework instance variables. The get methods are optional. d.A public computeAverage method that takes no arguments and returns a double showing the average homework grade for this student. e.Override the toString method to return the string representation of this object in the format “The ’s average grade is ”.2. Create a Test class to test the following functionality in its main method. a. Use the BufferedReader class to read the data.txt file. The contents of the file are shown below. Create the data.txt file in HW3_lastName. b. Read the contents of the text file one line at a time using a loop. The program should work for any number of input lines. Invoke the processInputData method for each line read. c.Write a private method processInputData which processes its string input argument as follows. 1. Tokenize the string argument using the StringTokenizer class using the comma as the delimiter. 2. Extract the name token. Create a Student object and assign to the variable currentStudent. 3. Read each homework grade token one token at a time. Use the corresponding set method on the student object to set the instance value. 4. Display the string representation of the currentStudent object to the console. Sample Input data.txt file: Alice,44,79,85,72,77,57 Bob,79,94,70,71,71,51 Charlie,95,99,41,55,65,50 Dave,87,89,88,55,74,63 Ed,82,51,44,67,73,49 Sample Output:attached is the solution